Add TCM migrations doc (#4463)
tarantool/doc: doc/tooling/tcm/tcm_cluster_migrations.rst

..  _tcm_cluster_migrations:

Performing migrations
=====================

..  include:: index.rst
    :start-after: ee_note_tcm_start
    :end-before: ee_note_tcm_end

|tcm_full_name| provides a web interface for managing and performing migrations
in connected clusters. To learn more about migrations in Tarantool, see :ref:`migrations`.

Migrations are named Lua files with code that alters the cluster data schema, for example,

> creates a space, changes it format, or adds indexes. In |tcm|, there is a dedicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creates a space, changes its format, or adds indexes. In |tcm|, there is a dedicated
```

> page on which you can organize migrations, edit their code, and apply them to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page where you can organize migrations, edit their code, and apply them to the cluster.
```

..  _tcm_cluster_migrations_manage:

Managing migrations
-------------------

The tools for managing migrations from |tcm| are located on the **Cluster** > **Migrations** page.

To create a migration:

#.  Click **Add** (the **+** icon) on the **Migrations** page.
#.  Enter the migration name.

    .. important::

        When naming migrations, remember that they are applied in the lexicographical order.
        Use ordered numbers as filename prefixes to define the migrations order.
        For example, ``001_create_table``, ``002_add_column``, ``003_create_index``.

#.  Write the migration code in the editor window. Use the :ref:`box.schema module reference <box_schema>`
    to learn how to work with Tarantool data schema.

Once you complete writing the migration, save it by clicking **Save**.
This saves the migration that is currently opened in the editor.

..  _tcm_cluster_migrations_apply:

Appliyng migrations
-------------------

After you prepare a set of migrations, apply it to the cluster.
To apply all saved migrations to the cluster at once, click **Apply**.

.. important::

>     Applying all saved migrations **at once in the lexicographical** order is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Applying all saved migrations **at once, in the lexicographical order** is the
```

>     only way to apply migrations in |tcm|. There is no way to select a single  or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    only way to apply migrations in |tcm|. There is no way to select a single or
```

    several migrations to apply.

>     The migrations that are already applied are skipped. To learn how to find out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The migrations that are already applied are skipped. To learn how to check
```
